# CS-330-Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization

## How do I approach designing software?
### What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft?
I think the main skill that this project helped me to craft is persevearance. I found many of the coding tasks to be challenging. Even when I felt that I had a decent understanding of the material, the depth of the codebase provided meant that a lot of patience was required to complete the project. Much of my time spent working on the project was spent reading through the resources to understand how they worked. The main skill that this project helped me master, on top of the more obvious grahics processing skills, was the ability to read and understand code written by other developers.
### What design process did you follow for your work?
I followed the process naturally outlined by the course modules. The way that the course was laid out modularized the project in a way that we could focus on a single feature a week. This simulates real development projects where single features are focused at a time. This allowed the complexity of the project to grow with time while handling the work in managable chunks.
### How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?
Most of my coding experience so far has not involved working with other developers. As such, I often find it difficult to read others' code. This course gave me a great opporutity for learning how to read well commented code in a codebase that I need to contribute to. This skill will be invaluable for my future as a developer.
## How do I approach developing problems?
### What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene?
As discussed above, the development strategy of digging through an existing codebase to utilize provided resources was a new strategy for me. Additionally, the strategy of combining basic predefined object meshes into larger more complex objects was a new experience for me. I always found the idea of modeling 3D objects to be intimidating, but this approach made things simpler and made the task feel approachable.
### How did iteration factor into your development?
This project involved being compiled several times while developing. This is due to the difficulty of picturing object layouts from source code. Getting texturing, positioning, scaling, lighting, etc. correct involved small adjustments to the scene that were reviewed for accuracy by compiling the code.
### How has your approach to developing code evolved throught the milestones, which led you to the project's completion?
Largely, I do not think that my overall apprach to development has changed. Generally, I seek to understand the problem at hand. Once I understand the problem, I research tools and algorithms that are useful in handling the problem. I try to understand this material prior to jumping into coding. This is generally the approach taken while developing the code for this project.
## How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
### How do computational graphics and visualizatoins give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway?
I hope to go on to graduate school to continue studying computer science. Specifically, I hope to study Natural Language Processing. I find this field very interesting and hope to make a career out of it. The overlap between NLP and computatioanl graphics and visualization is not immediately apparent to me. However, I find learning skills like this very helpful. Learning these new tools and skills allows for me to know that they exist and that I can use them to solve future coding problems.
### How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?
My professional pathway is one that I am still working on. I hope to spend more time getting an education before entering the field professionally. I enjoy the educational process and hope that learning more will allow me to better figure out my future professional pathway. For now, I expect that my professional pathway may keep me in an academic field. I believe that academic fields require academics to be well rounded in their fields. Computational graphics and visualizatoins represent another such skill that will help me to be a well-rounded developer.
